	I decided to analyze Jersey City bicycle data from November 2018 to April 2019. I chose this time period so that I can analyze all of the biking done in the winter as well as a little bit of time before and after winter. I did 2018 to 2019 instead of 2019 to 2020 because I wanted to analyze a time period that was not impacted by Coronavirus. I used Tableau to conduct my analysis. I put csv files of all Jersey City bicycle data from November 2019 to April 2019 into my Tableau workbook. I created a Tableau Public Workbook for this assignment. 
	I looked at a gender by count in Tableau by putting the gender table into columns and putting the count of the bike id table into rows. There are many more male bicycle riders than female bicycle riders in this dataset. This makes sense as in general males tend to ride bicycles more than females. I looked at most popular locations. The most popular locations in this data set are near Grand Street. This makes sense as there are a lot of streets in that area where people are able to ride their bicycles.
	A chart was created that shows the top 10 stations in this dataset. These are the stations where people are bicycling the most. The most popular station is the Grove St PATH station, which makes sense as it is the train station in Jersey City that most people use. After analyzing peak hours in winter months by putting the hour of the start time in columns and the count of the bike id in rows, I found that the times at which people are bicyling the most in this data set are 8AM and 6PM. This makes sense, as some people may be biking to and from work, and other people may go biking as a form of exercise before and after work.
	A story was created to show my analysis. A dashboard was created to show my analysis. I analyzed the biker count by month. There are a greater amount of bikers biking during the warmer months in this dataset. After it starts getting a little bit warmer in February more people are starting to bike again. I then analyzed the average trip duration by age. It looks like the age where people are biking the most are in their early twenties, early fifties, and early seventies. This makes sense as people are biking when they are young, when they are starting to get worried about their health, and when they are retired. Young people have a lot of energy to bike a lot. People in their early fifties are at an age where they want to start getting healthier so they start biking. Retired people in their early seventies have a lot of leisure time to bike if they are not working and they are also usually concerned about their health and do what they can to remain healthy is possible. Biking is a great activity for some people in their seventies to remain healthy.
	I learned a lot about Tableau while completing this assignment. I learned how to publish a Tableau workbook onto Tableau Public. I learned a lot about various data visualizations that I could do using Tableau. I learned how to create a map using Tableau. I learned how to create a story using Tableau and how to create a dashboard using Tableau. I feel that completing this assignment makes me much more qualified to use Tableau in the workplace.
	

